# OpenWRT-19.07.2-factory-tar-file-for-Ubiquiti-EdgeRouter-x
 OpenWRT 19.07.2 Installation on Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X #1  There was an issue with installing OpenWRT 19.07.2 on the Ubiquiti EdgeRouter X : The new distribution build did not come automaticaly with the usual "openwrt-19.07.2-ramips-mt7621-ubnt-erx-initramfs-factory.tar" file that allow installing OpenWRT on top of EdgeOS to replace it with the router.  Using older versions like "openwrt-18.06-ramips-mt7621-ubnt-erx-initramfs-factory.tar" to reflash the router, and then apply a sysupgrade command with the "openwrt-19.07.2-ramips-mt7621-ubnt-erx-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin" file was not working either, no matter what version of EdgeOS you had factory installed on the router.  The reason why the new built doesn't come with the usual "factory tar file", but with an unusable "bin file" instead is that the kernel image of this new distribution is too big of a few 200 Kb to fit into the kernel image partition. The make file to make the built has an embedded simple security mecanism to prevent generating incorrect tar file if the kernel is too big, it generates an unusable bin file instead.  I have change a few compilation option so that the make file generates a custom 19.07 built that fits the correct size and therefore generate a usable tar file.  Once the router is updated with this temporary built, you can sysupgrade it with the "openwrt-19.07.2-ramips-mt7621-ubnt-erx-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin" so that your router goes with OpenWRT "stock official images" ensuring all the repositories and further sysupgrade of this distribution will work as desired.  The following instructions should allow you to apply these custom compilation setting if you intend to compile your own tar image.  I also provide a copy of my own custom 19.07 image tar file for those who are lazy at recompiling it themselves. You will also find the menuconfig ".config" file, so that you can see exactly what options were disable to produce this "short receipt".
